who russia already comes across inevitably
on those little yellow tankers the
stand almost at every street corner
Here you can find something under
the Russian thirst quencher directly from
the source tap
in moscow alone in summer will be far
over a million liters of light
alcoholic but healthy bitten out
bread consumed and in the trade
brought
the production is then in the
breweries at hundreds hectoliters per
Day
in the light of the summer heat shows
russia tv how to make this delicious
drink at home can produce
the basis for quaas is dry bread
We will prepare this in thin slices
cut in the oven at medium
heat until it hurts the reported
bread slices we crumble in now
big container and pour over
boiling water
the amount depends on the
amount in liters ultimately needed
We shall let our approach be
now covered for about 24 hours
Then we add yeast in sugar
attached as well as a mini branch
to represent the whole thing to go twelve
hours in a warm place actually
our quasi almost finished
but admittedly he sees something else
unappetizing that's why we saw the
liquid and clarify so from the
ingredients
Now we feel it in bottles
and give each one some most bern or
optionally raisins with
However, they should be the bottles for the time being
not close too tight yet
since the circle honored now is only
still a little patience asked and after
a rest of four days at one
Well chilled art then just stays with us
still a midsummer big
there